README.md, before:

# Starsector data

planet_gen_data.csv can be found in data/campaign/procgen for vanilla and mods.

# create-svelte

Everything you need to build a Svelte project, powered by [`create-svelte`](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/tree/master/packages/create-svelte).

## Creating a project

If you're seeing this, you've probably already done this step. Congrats!

```bash
# create a new project in the current directory
npm create svelte@latest

# create a new project in my-app
npm create svelte@latest my-app
```

## Developing

Once you've created a project and installed dependencies with `npm install` (or `pnpm install` or `yarn`), start a development server:

```bash
npm run dev

# or start the server and open the app in a new browser tab
npm run dev -- --open
```

## Building

To create a production version of your app:

```bash
npm run build
```

You can preview the production build with `npm run preview`.

> To deploy your app, you may need to install an [adapter](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/adapters) for your target environment.

Commit message:

added to readme that we have an example save file

README.md, after:

# Starsector data

planet_gen_data.csv can be found in data/campaign/procgen for vanilla and mods.

Example campaign.xml can be found in devData, this save file also has several mods in it including Nexerelin, Industrial.Evolution, and DIY Planets.

# create-svelte

Everything you need to build a Svelte project, powered by [`create-svelte`](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/tree/master/packages/create-svelte).

## Creating a project

If you're seeing this, you've probably already done this step. Congrats!

```bash
# create a new project in the current directory
npm create svelte@latest

# create a new project in my-app
npm create svelte@latest my-app
```

## Developing

Once you've created a project and installed dependencies with `npm install` (or `pnpm install` or `yarn`), start a development server:

```bash
npm run dev

# or start the server and open the app in a new browser tab
npm run dev -- --open
```

## Building

To create a production version of your app:

```bash
npm run build
```

You can preview the production build with `npm run preview`.

> To deploy your app, you may need to install an [adapter](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/adapters) for your target environment.
